README.md, before:

# CASIC - 1.0 - FOSS - classic14

# About

CASIC is made to make coding in Python even easier.
It’s made by classic14 (me) and is very easy to work with.
It’s FOSS and works on Linux, macOS, and also Windows,
but it’s best for Linux. It works on most Linux distros,
but works best on Debian.

# Here is how you use CASIC

Ok, let’s look at a file using CASIC. This is how it would look:

from CASIC import *
<---- This imports all the features from CASIC.
You need to have your main Python file in the same folder as BASIC for it to work.

used()
<---- This prints: CASIC was used in this program.
This is called a module; it’s from the BASIC file.
It’s not a lot to type, but it does this:
print("BASIC was used in this program")
with just this: used(). SEE! That’s a lot easier.

Now let’s look at all of the modules:

# Modules

wait(time to wait in seconds would go here) - wiats for as long and you put!

clear() – clears the screen

used() – prints “BASIC was used in this program”

reboot() – reboots the system

update_debian() – updates Debian-based Linux systems, like Linux Mint and Ubuntu (needs sudo but will ask first) (only works on Debian based Linux distros)

GPLlicence() - prints: GPL v3.0 was used in this program.

open_source() - prints: this program is fully open soucre!

# classic14
<img width="500" height="500" alt="classic14-github" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c8dd93b8-65f2-4ef6-968c-d24c5926864f" />

Commit message:

tiny update but has untested stuff :O

README.md, after:

# CASIC - 1.0 - FOSS - classic14

# About

CASIC is made to make coding in Python even easier.
It’s made by classic14 (me) :3 and is very easy to work with.
It’s FOSS and works on Linux, macOS, and also Windows,
but it’s best for Linux. It works on most Linux distros,
but works best on Debian.

# how to use

Ok, let’s look at a file using CASIC. This is how it would look:

from CASIC import *
<---- This imports all the features from CASIC.
You need to have your main Python file in the same folder as BASIC for it to work.

used()
<---- This prints: CASIC was used in this program.
This is called a module; it’s from the BASIC file.
It’s not a lot to type, but it does this:
print("BASIC was used in this program")
with just this: used(). SEE! That’s a lot easier.

Now let’s look at all of the modules:

# Modules

wait(time to wait in seconds would go here) - wiats for as long and you put!

clear() – clears the screen

used() – prints “BASIC was used in this program”

reboot() – reboots the system

update_debian() – updates Debian-based Linux systems, like Linux Mint and Ubuntu (needs sudo but will ask first) (only works on Debian based Linux distros)

GPLlicence() - prints: GPL v3.0 was used in this program.

open_source() - prints: this program is fully open soucre!

put(text goes here :3) - works like print but will clear in 3 seconds. it also only works for text. (untested) 

# classic14
<img width="500" height="500" alt="classic14-github" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c8dd93b8-65f2-4ef6-968c-d24c5926864f" />
